# LazyWhale trading assistant

This is a dangerous tools in bad tradings hands. Anyway, **use it at your own risks**!

The purpose of this script is to automate sells & buys during range or bullish movement.

LW is a simple script compatible with ccxt marketplaces wich simply buy and sell in a preset range. 

## Instalation for linux
### Prerequisite
#### Python >= 3.6 

For debian and other debian like linux versions:
`https://solarianprogrammer.com/2017/06/30/building-python-ubuntu-wsl-debian/`

Configure it with pip : `./configure --enable-optimizations --with-ensurepip=install` !!!

**You must have python >= 3.6 or you will get the following error:**

```
File "LazyStarter.py", line XXXX
    xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
                                                                    ^
SyntaxError: invalid syntax
```

For other OS do a PR if you want it!

#### Download the LW

`git clone https://github.com/Tulsene/LazyWhale`

`cd LazyWhale`

#### Virtual Env

`pip install --user virtualenv`

`cd ~/Path/to/repository`

`virtualenv venv -p python3.6` or 3.7

`source /venv/bin/activate` (`deactivate`  to close it, `rm -r /path/to/ENV` to delete it)

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

`https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/reference/` for a list of commands


### API Keys Configuration

Create keys.txt and follow the scheme in `keySkeletton.txt`

### Strategy parameters

Parameters are automatically generated by the software, user should not create it or modify it.

Are in params.txt file and are not kept forever. Backup it before entering new parameters!

### Run LW

**Your virtualenv need to be properly setup and running!**

`python LazyStarter.py` 


## TODO
- [ ] Set spread before asking max amount and set max amount per order
- [ ] Send slack message.
- [ ] Improve marketplace selection by adding it into params.
- [ ] Organize this mess!

### If you want to help

Open an issue on github or do a pull request on the dev branch